chore(curriculum): add css floats and positioning transcripts (#58983)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-understanding-how-to-work-with-floats-and-positioning-in-css/672c3a8fac7c5613b4bb75de.md

# --description--

Watch the video or read the transcript and answer the questions below.

# --transcript--

What is absolute positioning, and how does it work?

Absolute positioning allows you to take an element out of the normal document flow, making it behave independently from other elements. When an element is positioned absolutely, it is placed in its own layer, completely separate from everything else in the layout. This makes it useful for creating floating UI features such as modals, tooltips, or dropdown menus, which can overlap other elements on the page.

> By default, absolutely positioned elements are placed relative to the closest positioned ancestor. If no positioned ancestor is found, the element will be positioned relative to the initial containing block, which is usually the browser’s viewport. You can move the absolutely positioned element around using the `top`, `bottom`, `left`, and `right` properties to specify how far away it should be from the edges of its containing element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, absolutely positioned elements are placed relative to the closest positioned ancestor. If no positioned ancestor is found, the element will be positioned relative to the initial containing block, which is usually the browser's viewport. You can move the absolutely positioned element around using the `top`, `bottom`, `left`, and `right` properties to specify how far away it should be from the edges of its containing element.
```
